Adds  phillipskevin's blog (#2204)
temporalio/documentation: kb/how-to-explain-temporal.md

  - [Why Temporal - the iPhone of System Design](https://www.swyx.io/why-temporal/) by swyx (19 min read)
  - [Temporal - fault tolerant orchestration platform](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dnutdT24MM&list=PLU1vS0speL2ZbTPg-aU2Rw2s6IPsTVoCF&index=49) at DevConf US by Tihomir Surdilovic (36 min talk + Q&A)
  - [A Practical Approach to Temporal Architecture](https://mikhail.io/2020/10/practical-approach-to-temporal-architecture/) by Mikhail Shilkov (4 min read)

>   - [Temporal Is a Swiss Army Knife For Your Distributed Systems](https://www.bitovi.com/blog/temporal-is-a-swiss-army-knife-for-your-distributed-systems) by Kevin Phillips (7 min read)

Reviewer: For now, I am inclined to publish this - 

But we do have plans to migrate the KB article content to better places.

  - (Türkçe) [Nedir Bu Temporal.IO?](https://alameddinc.medium.com/nedir-bu-temporal-io-680f3b242136) by Alameddin Çelik
  - (русский) [PHP Russia talks](/dev-guide/php/foundations) by Anton Titov
  - (中文) [Temporal 简介](https://www.yuque.com/abser/txixor/oz3yav) by Abser Ari 杨鼎睿

> - _Submit yours [here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/main/kb/how-to-explain-temporal.md)!_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Submit your content [here](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/edit/main/kb/how-to-explain-temporal.md)!
```
